[rhythmic breathing]
[woman 1] Don't forget to breathe.
["Panda" by Desiigner playing]
Does it burn?
Well. this is just the beginning.
Keep it up!
Come on!
Elbows in!
♪ Credit cards and the scammers… ♪
Stay focused!
[woman 2] Good. keep it up.
Come on! Boxing is about
repetition and consistency.
Right. hey! Right. left. slip! Hey!
Left. right. hook. slip.
Left. right. uppercut.
right and step back.
Left. right. left hook. slip.
Left. right. left.
uppercut. right and out.
Okay? Any questions?
-Can I use the bathroom?
-Is it over yet?
-[girl 1] You a man or a woman?
-[girl 2] Can we be done?
My mom brought me here.
so I can beat people up.
-I have to get going.
-They're all yours.
[chuckling]
[line ringing]
-Yes. honey?
-[man] Hi.
-So. how are you. honey?
-You all right? Where are you? At work?
I'm leaving now. I'm on my way.
-[woman] Are you kidding me?
-Huh?
-No. I'm leaving now.
-I can hear you're at work.
-I'm on my way. I swear I am!
-Right. Damn it. babe…
-I'll be there before you know it.
-We had agreed on the time.
I said I'm leaving! I'll be right there!
I'm on my way. stop giving me grief!
-Mm.
-Wait.
-[man] Hm? What now?
-It's the position.
Mm.
-I saw a tutorial.
-A tutorial. really?
-Yeah. it said other positions are better.
-You want the tutorial to call the shots?
[woman] Mm-hmm.
Are you sure about that?
Because "Vincenzo" is ready to go.
Letting all that potential and talent.
ah. just go to waste. would be like…
-[chuckles] Well. it'd be sacrilege.
-Mm. "Vincenzo." Mm…
-Wait. wait. wait.
-What?
-It's your mother's mattress.
-[scoffs] She's dead.
But it's almost like she's still in it.
Always listening to us.
never missing a thing.
So it's a nosy mattress. huh?
-That's right.
-Okay.
-All right. Mom. you heard the lady!
-[woman laughs]
Come on. time to go! [exhales]
[giggles]
So. should we make this baby?
Yeah.
Come here. mi bello.
["Don't Speak" by Loaded Honey playing]
[sighs]
-Shake your head too. just to make sure.
-Yeah. all right.
-Yeah. [inhales]
-Mm.
-[man] Like this?
-[woman] Yeah.
-Oh. nothing.
-Aww…
-[speaking Hindi]
-You two. stop bickering.
He keeps talking.
I don't know what he's saying.
He wants a raise.
You want a raise?
-Yes.
-What. so soon?
[phone chimes]
♪ All you do is mess around
And I know you can agree… ♪
OVULATION DAY
I'm on my way!
I said I was coming!
♪ And then I wonder… ♪
[man] That's a second line. isn't it?
-No.
-Very faint.
-It's just a hair from your beard.
-[blows]
-Yeah. one line.
-Told you.
PREGNANCY TEST
I don't know when or how
we'll be parents.
All right?
There you go. a little smile.
♪ I hear the thunder… ♪
Come here.
♪ Oh. do you love her…? ♪
Are you serious?
The tutorial said
it could increase our chances.
♪ Why did you do it again? ♪
♪ Why did you do it again…? ♪
This might double our chances. then.
NEGATIVE - POSITIVE
♪ Why did you do it again to me…? ♪
-Talk to Vincenzo.
-Huh?
Yeah.
I'm gonna kick his ass.
All right!
Come on. Vincenzo! Gotta wake up. dude!
Don't mess with me.
or I'll stop feeding you.
[Nadia on phone] Rub castor oil
on your belly and say… [speaks in Arabic]
-[repeats in Arabic]
-Should we sacrifice a goat before bed?
-Quiet.
-I know you guys. so it's fine.
-But Vincenzo's freaking out.
-[Nadia] Who's this Vincenzo?
He's a distant cousin. Nadia.
-Stop that!
-Is this some kind of sihr?
[Nadia] Oh. no. it's not sihr.
-Whatever. Nadia. [speaks in Arabic]
-Since when does he speak Arabic?
Don't listen to him. He learned a couple
of Arabic words. and he's showing off.
-What were you saying?
-[man] Rub yourself with broccoli too!
I'll call you back. Mom.
Come here! When did you learn
the word for witchcraft?
[exhaling]
♪ Oh. do you hold her? ♪
Excuse me. Excuse me.
-[woman] I've been waiting for hours.
-I swear I'm coming.
-Be right there.
-I'm sick of it!
See you soon.
♪ …again? Why did you do it again…? ♪
[sighs] It's not working.
This isn't working.
It's not working!
♪ Why did you do it again? ♪
[pregnancy test clatters]
See you tonight.
[woman] Yeah. see you tonight.
♪ Don't speak… ♪
THE STAGES OF IVF
[doctor] It's very simple.
I'll walk you through it.
We'll stimulate your ovaries.
then retrieve the oocytes.
fertilize them with sperm
in the laboratory.
and collect the viable embryos.
I'm just wondering
about step three. there.
-Uh… when is that?
-Getting a sperm sample?
Mm.
Well. right now.
[softly] Go on.
[doctor] A nurse
will come and get you. she'll…
-There's all these nurses.
-So what?
-It's 8:00 in the morning.
-Morning is great.
-I don't wanna do it.
-You have to.
Would you masturbate at 8:00 a.m.?
You wouldn't. and I'm not doing it either.
-You have to.
-Everything okay?
-Yeah.
-Great.
-[scoffs]
-He's fine with it.
-[doctor] Everything will be fine. sir.
-I'm not doing it.
He will. Yeah. he'll do it.
And he'll do it right.
Okay. fine. I'll do it.
Go all out.
-Yeah. I get it.
-Don't be stingy.
[pop]
[inhales]
[exhales]
Yeah. this is not what I'm used to.
Oh. look. your dealer stopped by.
Can you hand me that. uh. yogurt.
next to the crack pipes?
Thanks.
If you need me.
I'll be shooting up under the stairs.
Thanks for doing this.
I can't take it anymore.
Lift up.
[thoughtful music playing]
-Ready?
-[click]
Ow. You couldn't handle this. could you?
[chuckling] I'm a wimp.
There's no way I could do it.
-But you're stronger.
-Yeah…
One embryo is viable.
Shall we proceed with the transfer?
[thoughtful music continues]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
-[doctor] I'll take the speculum out.
-Wait. you're done?
[doctor] Yeah. we're all done.
You can get up now.
[man] It's gonna be okay. my love.
I'm scared. I don't want to get up yet.
[buzzing]
LAB
[music turns tense]
You go.
[phone continues buzzing]
[sniffles]
Hello?
[doctor] Mrs. Belkacem?
I'm calling from the lab.
Yes.
We have your results.
[music fades]
The embryo didn't take.
Was it me?
-No.
-Is it me then?
No. it's not.
[tense music continues]
[doctor]
This is nobody's fault. It happens.
You have two options left.
A donor embryo. or adoption.
What's a donor embryo?
Once the procedure has been successful.
couples can donate
the embryos they don't use.
-There are also anonymous donors.
-I don't understand.
So the child she'd be carrying.
uh. wouldn't be ours?
[doctor] The baby wouldn't have your DNA.
but you would give birth and raise it.
It would be your child.
Take some time to think about it.
[somber music playing]
[TV host] Having a school
right across the street
could be a selling point or a drawback.
depending upon the prospective buyer.
You want to watch a movie?
A comedy. maybe?
Watch a movie?
Yeah. something to cheer us up. you know.
To take our minds off it for a while.
No. I can't take my mind off it.
[TV host] The wine cellar
that is actually a converted basement
is also drawing quite a bit of attention.
You've given up. haven't you?
[man sighs]
You know what? I'm doing my best.
[somber music continues]
Good night.
Yeah.
NOTHING TO LOSE
[child] …but what if they're. like.
twice as big as me and full of muscles?
[woman] Size doesn't matter.
10 YEARS LATER
Not a video game. a cartoon.
or whatever else they make it into.
Right? It's about being brave enough
to keep going despite the fear.
When you're boxing. you use everything.
Your fists. your legs. your guts.
It's not just beating someone up.
It's learning who you are.
believing in yourself!
Mom?
-Mom?
-[woman] Yeah?
Do you think we're gonna win?
We've already won.
You guys are lions.
And lions don't meow. they…
-[children] Roar!
-You ready?
-[children] Yes. Coach!
-What's our superpower?
-[children] Courage and spirit. not anger!
-When do we give up?
Never. Coach!
-When do we cry?
-When it's over. never during!
-One. two. three! Roar!
-Roar!
-[woman 1] Go. go. go. go!
-[crowd cheering]
-[woman 2] Let's go!
-[child] Come on!
[cheering continues]
-[bell rings]
-Give it your all. You know the drill.
Like we do at practice.
-All about staying focused.
-Mom.
Got it? Stay focused!
-Mom!
-[coach] Look at him. He's half your size.
Wow.
Never seen him before.
[boy in crowd] Come on!
-You can't tell me size doesn't matter.
-It doesn't matter.
He looks like he swallowed Teddy Riner.
-Stay active in there.
-[woman] Yeah. You scared?
-Come on. let's go.
-Look at me. Are you scared?
-Mm-mm.
-Hey.
We don't get scared. okay?
You know the code of honor.
Courtesy. courage. honor.
and most importantly…
[both] Kick his goddamn butt.
-You got this. kid. Come on. come on.
-[man] Let's go!
-[woman] All right!
-Here we go! You got this!
-[suspenseful music playing]
-Come on!
[coach] Come on! Come on!
-That's right. baby. like that!
-[coach] Keep moving!
Beautiful!
-[boy] Hey mom! Did you see that?
-Pretty great!
-[coach] Use your left!
-That's my boy!
-[coach] Your left!
-That's my boy! Let him have it. baby!
This group has great potential.
Some are really good.
[man] There he is!
-Hey champ. what's up?
-[Nadia] Say hi to your dad.
-Hi.
-[woman] Hey.
-You really came?
-It's my last night before I leave again.
Wouldn't miss it for anything.
Let's see your lip.
-You did great.
-Thanks.
Are you coming. Grandma?
[man] He really hates me.
Hopefully less than you do.
Is that funny?
He doesn't hate you.
He's just used to life without you.
Do you have plans?
I thought maybe we could do lunch. or--
We've got plans already.
-[carny over loudspeaker] Attention!
-[foghorn blares]
-["PAY!" by Theodora & Guy2bezbar playing]
-[excited cheering]
Whoa!
Wow!
Momma!
[crowd yelling in excitement]
[screams and laughs]
Whoa!
I'm going to the next ride.
Honey. you look completely wiped out.
Drink this. please. okay?
[unsettling high-pitched ringing]
-[boy] Wait for me!
-[man 1] Where're we going next. huh?
-[man 2] Hey! What happened?
-[body thuds]
-[woman] Whose kid is that?
-[man] Call an ambulance!
Noa?
[man] Somebody help!
Noa! Move! Noa!
Noa! Are you okay. Noa?
Call an ambulance! Noa? Call an ambulance!
-[man] Are you his mother?
-[muffled clamoring]
Step back! Get out of here!
[man] Is he okay?
[silence]
So. I'm going to walk you
through what we've discovered.
And go over our plans
for your son's treatment.
What's he got?
[smacks lips]
Noa has leukemia.
[somber music playing]
It's a cancer of the blood.
It's a serious condition.
but we know how to treat it.
[crying softly]
And most treatments are effective.
Very effective.
But he needs
to start chemotherapy right away.
And in three weeks.
depending on his response.
we'll see if he needs
a bone marrow transplant.
So. he'll start chemotherapy tomorrow.
[voice becomes muffled] He'll stay with us
at least five weeks for the first cycles.
There are different protocols.
What matters is that
we were able to make a quick diagnosis.
Our teams are here to support you.
Do you have any questions?
Is it terminal?
Why would you even think that?
We'll do our best for him.
I see from your file
that you've already been through a lot.
But I'm counting on you to stay strong
for Noa while he goes through this.
-[sighs]
-What about school?
Well. you don't like it.
so you won't miss it.
Well. it's still better than being here.
Will I be able to train later?
When the treatment's over.
And you feel better.
You're gonna be tired.
so it'll be a little while.
-But the tournaments…
-[woman] I know. honey. but not this year.
Okay?
We've gotta get you better first.
[sighs softly]
But. um. it's time to call your dad.
No.
What do you mean. "no"? We have to.
I don't want to.
-[knocking]
-[door opens]
Hello. ladies.
Noa. you handsome guy!
I'm Kevin. your nurse.
They know me all around the world.
-From Paris to Chicago. Cairo.
-[nurse] Hello. ladies.
-[Kevin] Acapulco. All the way to Congo.
-Hello.
We're here to put in your catheter.
-You know what that is?
-[nurse] Hi. Noa.
Do you think he's funny?
-No.
-Oh. Noa.
-[nurse] You're not funny.
-[Kevin] You don't think I'm funny?
-Me? Not funny?
-You're being a little racist.
Me? I'm racist?
Yeah. that's racist.
-I could do a British accent. if you want.
-[chuckles]
-[nurse] Do you know what we're doing?
-No.
[nurse] Insert a catheter.
It's a small tube we put under your skin.
so we can give you medication.
All right. Let's stop dillydallying
and beating around the bush.
You're coming with me.
I'll take your little juice box here too.
Don't drink it all at once.
All right. Let me know if this hurts.
Here we go.
[tender music playing]
All right.
I can do German accent too.
[in German accent] This stupid
IV tube is always getting the vay.
[Paul] Sorry I didn't call you back.
I'm totally swamped.
Uh… I just landed.
but I'm taking off again shortly.
So I'll call you back when I can. okay?
Uh. give Noa a kiss.
Uh… Yeah. give him a kiss from me.
Bye. I'll talk to you later.
[sizzling]
[boss] Damn it. Jada. what's going on?
You can't ask for time off now.
We're crazy busy.
I need a vacation too. We all do.
Even Sanka here. Isn't that right. Sanka?
No. A raise would be better.
Still want a raise. do you? Good one. huh.
Joker.
I never ask for anything.
My son's sick. I need to look after him.
I just need a lighter schedule.
[sighs] Fine. go take care of him.
But I need to keep the restaurant running.
We have to find a solution.
Give me a raise.
and I'll find a solution for you.
-See how you're fucking things up for me?
-[Sanka speaks in Hindi]
Sanka. you're pushing it.
[Sanka] Don't worry. It'll be fine.
Look. I made an amazing
dessert for your son.
-Okay?
-Thanks.
[child 1] Back to the game.
He lost. as usual.
-[child 2] Come on. come on. Let's go.
-In your face!
Look. that's no good.
Come on. take your card back. please.
I was just gonna say that.
-In your face!
-Are you serious?
-Are you even listening to me?
-Let him play what he wants to play.
-What if he loses?
-[child 3] Take your card!
-[child 2] You can't control the game.
-[child 1] It makes no sense.
-In your face!
-Hey. what the hell are you doing?
[all bickering at the same time]
You're so annoying!
You make it impossible to play.
You don't get it. Okay.
You don't get it. no.
The minute we start the game.
you're not my sister. brother. anything.
-I just want to win. like on Survivor.
-Fine. Game on. then.
-I won!
-You didn't. You just threw out a card…
Stop!
In this game. if you pass twice
and can't play pairs. then you lose.
So quit arguing. Inès is the winner.
-[child 2] Wait.
-I won. Shut up already.
-[child 1] No. you didn't win.
-Wanna play?
-[child 3] I don't think this game's fair.
-You can sit next to me if you want.
-[child 2] For next time.
-[child 1] There you go.
-[child 3] Let me see.
-[child 1] Come on.
-[child 2] Thank you.
-[child 1] There.
-[child 4] What you got?
-[child 3] Let's play!
Can… Can I play?
-I don't think so.
-[child 1] We're good.
Why not?
[all] Because your breath stinks!
-Only if you promise you won't sigh.
-[child 1] He can't help it.
Every time he loses. he sighs.
-Okay. let's go again. Come on!
-[child 4] Your turn.
So what's your name?
[child 1] There you go.
Noa. What's yours?
-I'm Inès.
-[child 3] Hey. guys. check it out!
-[all] Woooo!
-Lovey-dovey!
-I wonder what's going on over there.
-Looks like love is in the air!
-[child 1] Whoo!
-[child 4] Look at his face!
Hey. leave us alone!
Don't you have any friends?
-[child 2] No way!
-I get it. though.
She's the only one here with hair.
[child 3] A Black girl with blue eyes?
Crazy pretty.
[child 1] Yeah. well.
he's got a point there.
-[child 2] True. true!
-[child 3] Let's go again.
-Boom! Take that.
-Well. how am I supposed to beat an ace?
-It's impossible.
-Who cares?
You always take too long to play.
Go ahead!
It's like you're having mini strokes.
[chuckles]
[giggling]
-Go already!
-[Noa] Oh wow.
[Nadia] There you go. Your turn.
And voilà!
[Noa] Take that.
What's that? Is it mine?
It's mine.
No. it isn't. It's mine. I can tell.
Seriously?
It doesn't look like either of yours.
-I'm gonna look like the others.
-[Nadia] Don't worry. it'll grow back.
Look at Grandma.
Her teeth fell out. and they grew back.
-Yeah. but she went to Turkey for that.
-We can send you there too.
Yeah. and look at your mom.
Every time she sneezes. she pees herself.
[laughing]
I can throw shade too. you know.
[chuckles]
Okay. your turn.
[somber music playing]
[Jada] All right.
Your turn. son.
WHAT IS CHILDHOOD LEUKEMIA?
What is that? Hematopoiesis?
It's blood cell production.
Acute lymphoblastic. What's that?
-[Jada] That's the leukemia he has.
-[Noa retching]
His body produces
too many white blood cells.
But the cells are sick.
and they outnumber the healthy ones.
[Noa coughs]
[Nadia] And so the chemo
destroys everything?
-[Jada] Mom is here.
-[Noah breathes heavily]
-It'll be okay.
-[Noa coughs]
-It's okay.
-[Noa vomits]
[breathing heavily]
Mom. I can't take it anymore.
I know. baby.
I know. I know.
[coughing]
[child 1] And then. wait. let me tell you.
The monkey reaches out its hand
and grabs my water bottle.
-What?
-He took my bottle. and he ran away!
-But then. he stops running…
-[child 2] Check him out.
-Yeah. Jeez. he's so obvious. isn't he?
-Yeah. you can tell from miles away.
-Totally.
-[child 2] He is so busted.
What? Really?
-Does she even notice?
-Doesn't seem like it.
-[child 2] Look at his psycho face.
-[child 3 giggles]
-[child 1] The monkey was like. "Aaah!"
-[Inès laughs]
Yo. Nono.
-Nono. come here.
-What?
Come here.
[child 1] …in front of the other monkey.
like he is showing off!
Who are you checking out. bro?
Nobody.
-Oh. bullshit!
-Bullshit. Everyone knows you like her.
-It's totally obvious.
-I don't know what you're talking about.
We're not gonna make fun of you.
We've both been in love before.
so we know what it's like.
Yeah. Do you like her?
Well. the thing is. whenever I see her.
everything gets really blurry. except her.
-Oh. he's so cute!
-Oh. how cute!
Stop it!
-We didn't realize you were such a poet!
-Knock it off.
-[child 2] Like a mini Elton John.
-You got nothing to lose.
Be straight up. Go talk to her.
If I talk to her. I'll look stupid.
Just take a look at her over there.
Now. ask yourself which is worse.
Talking to her or missing your shot?
Mm-hm.
Go for it. dude.
Go for it. Talk to her.
[child 1] …everyone was looking at me.
[Nadia] You'll be even more handsome. Noa.
Want her to like you?
Mm?
Then shave it.
Okay. but you have to.
[electric razor buzzing]
[subdued dramatic music playing]
[razor stops]
[music fades]
All done.
-Mm? Looks pretty good.
-[phone buzzing]
He's back in town.
We have to tell him now.
[doorbell rings]
-Hi. Paul.
-How are you. Nadia?
I'm good. And you?
-Is she here?
-Yes. in there.
[Paul] Everything all right?
What's up with the summons?
Where's Noa?
-Noa!
-He's sick.
Huh?
With what?
Leukemia.
When did you find out?
A few weeks ago.
Are you fucking kidding me?
-Nadia. a few weeks? Is she kidding me?
-No.
-And you didn't tell me?
-I tried. but you told me to fuck off.
-He didn't want me to tell you.
-He didn't want you to and you let him?
-Aren't you his mother?
-What's that supposed to mean?
Are you telling me how to be a mother?
Should I have told you between flights?
This whole time. you've been gone!
You can't see anything
beyond your version of the truth.
Just your own limited perspective.
That's it!
-The truth according to Jada!
-I do what I need to!
-I'd be here if you let me!
-I am mother and father!
Keep it down. Stop!
-You've always got someone else to blame!
-Please! Keep it down!
I mean. can't you people
just talk to each other?
It's not about us. I want to see my son.
And I mean today. okay?
Not tomorrow or the day after.
I want to see him now.
-Where is he?
-In the hospital.
Which hospital?
-I need to talk to him.
-Which hospital. Jada?
He needs to be prepared.
He blames you for our breakup.
[door slams]
Oh. are these the new gloves?
No.
You know. when you were little. you…
You always had them on.
You went through this whole phase.
even wore them to bed.
-You wanted to keep them on all the time.
-It's all right. Mom told me that already.
I bet she did.
Did she also tell you about that night.
when we found you in your bed?
All curled up.
lying there with your fists clenched.
-Ready to fight.
-Did you come to tell me about that?
All right. Noa.
Come on. punch me. Go ahead.
Put these on and hit me right here.
I'll let you. Then we move on.
and you can stop being rude to me.
-I don't want to cause permanent damage.
-Your ego is as big as your mother's.
You'll never do better than her.
That's for sure.
[Paul sighs softly]
Hey. Noa.
I… I'm really sorry.
What for?
Well. uh…
For everything.
Specially for not being around.
Your mom and I fought so hard to have you
that we ended up hurting each other.
But I should've been there for you.
[gentle music playing]
[sniffles]
[sobbing]
[sniffles and exhales]
-[sighs]
-[music fades]
["Salt" by Ry X playing]
♪ Under the lightning ♪
♪ Heavy breath ♪
[door beeps]
♪ High by a mouth made ♪
♪ Knees to your chest ♪
All right?
♪ We let love be like water to wine ♪
-How is he?
-Yeah. he seems all right.
♪ We let love be the higher design ♪
♪ We let love be a call in the night ♪
♪ We let love be the fire divine ♪
♪ Under the shadow ♪
Are you all ready to get this going?
-[all] Yeah!
-[nurse] Are you guys pumped?
-Yeah!
[nurse] I can't hear you!
I said. are you guys pumped?
-Yeah!
-We're celebrating Coralie's procedure!
Make some noise for her!
Make some noise for Coralie!
[chanting] Make some noise for Coralie!
Coralie! Coralie!
-Shh.
-[children] Coralie! Coralie!
-Coralie. what song did you choose?
-"Laisse-moi" by KeBlack.
-Make some noise! She's got good taste!
-[children cheering]
-[nurse] You ready?
-Your daughter's sweet.
Thanks.
-[children] Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah!
-[Paul] The day's coming up soon for her?
-She's finally ready.
-[children] Yeah!
-Great. I'm happy for you.
-[nurse and children] Coralie. Coralie…!
You know I haven't been able to cry
for almost a year.
Not even a little. not once.
-I'm just not able to do it.
-That's normal. actually.
After a while. we toughen up.
and we forget how to do it.
Look at that. they don't care.
They're just in there having a great time.
[mother] Come on. sweetie.
[singing in French]
-[singing in French]
-[laughs]
[mother] I love it.
-[Paul] Go have some fun.
-Woo! All right. come.
-No. you go.
-Come on. let's do it. Come with me.
Oh. no. I can't dance. I can't dance.
["Laisse moi" by KeBlack playing]
[all singing in French]
[all continue singing in French]
[cheering]
Let's hear it!
[all chanting] Coralie. Coralie. Coralie!
[music ends]
Are you asleep?
Can I join you?
Mm-hm.
Coralie told me that you liked me.
Is that true?
[gentle music playing]
Yeah. I like you.
I know.
Look at me.
I want you to be my husband from now on.
Okay?
Okay. In that case…
I'll take you to City Hall
the minute we walk out of these doors.
[chuckles] Darn right.
I need to tell you something.
[Inès] Hm?
-I was born through embryo donation.
-What's that?
It means
my parents needed help to make me.
They had to borrow an egg.
When I was born.
my parents had to borrow cash.
That's not the same at all.
You're the one talking
about borrowing things.
[Noa] True.
Are you scared of dying?
Yes. Are you?
Mm-hm.
[Inès] Don't go talking to other girls.
You're Noa Coulibaly now.
-[smack lips]
-[Noa laughs]
The chemo is working well. but Noa's
leukemia is rather rare and aggressive.
It turns out that Noa will definitely need
to have a bone marrow transplant.
As soon as possible.
-I've put him on a waiting list.
-Will it take long?
It might. actually.
Do you think we'll be able
to find a donor who's compatible?
Chances are slim. but they do exist.
What if we don't find one?
Given Noa's origin story.
we might want to contact
the couple who donated the embryo.
Or the other recipients from those donors.
-He might have a brother or sister.
-Yes. he could have a biological sibling.
It would be our best chance
at finding him a donor.
[Jada] I'll talk to CECOS.
the organization that helped us.
We'll see what they say.
[sighs]
Okay.
We need some time to explain to Noa
that we're not his biological parents.
He doesn't know about the embryo donation?
No.
Yes.
[Paul] How could you do that to me?
-He has the right to know.
-Of course he has!
-But we said we would tell him together!
-We're not together anymore.
[scoffs]
So what? Since we're separated.
you're the only one who gets to decide?
No! You didn't just leave.
you went far away!
-That's what caused this.
-I came back when I could!
When?
-When?
-Whenever I could!
-Which time?
-Please! Please.
I tried to see him ever chance I got.
When?
Two times a year? For a few minutes?
Are we supposed to thank you?
I couldn't wait around for you.
One day. he started asking me questions.
so I told him the truth.
That's what it means to be here.
You just handle things.
[woman] I'll go over the whole file.
Get back in touch with families involved.
We'll see what we can do.
[Jada] Identity disclosure requests
can't be that rare.
They're still pretty rare.
You know. in France.
only a few hundred children are born
through embryo donation each year.
-But they exist. right?
-Oh. sure. but. I mean…
It brings up quite a few questions.
Both legal and ethical. For us too.
We're moving forward very tentatively.
The laws are changing.
but not always fast enough.
STUDY AND CONSERVATION OF HUMAN SPERM
Hello. Mom.
[Nadia] How are you? Any news?
I just got to the hospital.
I was at CECOS.
So. what did they say?
They can't disclose
the parents' identities.
It's very hard to get their details.
It's an emergency.
Can't they make an exception?
I'll call you back. Something's wrong.
I brought her water.
but I don't think she's able to drink it.
[woman] We should take her outside
for some fresh air.
[dramatic music playing]
Why don't you and I go outside
for a little while and get some fresh air?
-[woman 1] She doesn't want to.
-[woman 2] You'll feel better.
[man] I'm so sorry. You won't be alone.
[breathing shakily. whimpering]
Come here.
[indistinct chatter]
Mom? Mom?
[man] Hold on. Let's just hang out here
and let your mom go with that lady. okay?
[dramatic music continues]
[sobbing]
[wailing]
No!
[sobbing]
[sobbing] I can't believe she's gone!
[dramatic music continues]
No one's going to cure us!
-They will.
-What's the point of being here?
-Tell me the truth now!
-I'm telling you the truth. They will.
And what is this thing?
I hate it. It's in the way. It's annoying!
-I know it's annoying. but leave it alone.
-Just look at me. I'm already dead!
Don't you say that! Fuck's sake. Noa!
Don't you ever say that!
She was my best friend.
She was me. and I was her.
-[Paul] I know.
-Will I be next?
If it didn't work for her.
it won't for us.
That doesn't mean anything. It'll work.
I don't want to die. I want to go home.
-[girl cries]
-Please don't cry.
-[girl] I don't want to die.
-[Paul] No one is gonna die.
-[girl] I want to see my mom!
-[Paul] Your moms will be here soon.
Nobody's going to die here.
do you understand?
-Not you. or anyone else. You got that?
-[girl continues crying]
[Jada] We'll fight together.
-Mm-hm.
-You hear me?
-We're not gonna let that bullshit win!
-[girl] Yes.
Hey. Noa. Noa. you're a champion.
You… you know
what it means to fight. right?
All you guys know what it means to fight.
You're all champions.
-Yes.
-That's right. Yeah. you are.
-Don't stay back there.What's your name?
-V… Vincenzo.
[scoffs]
All right. let's all gather around.
Come here.
Come on. come on. closer.
Help me out here. coach.
I never gave a pep talk before.
Uh… You're lions.
and lions don't meow. they…
They roar.
-[Paul] Right.
-[Jada] What?
-They roar.
-That's right. lions…
-[all] Roar!
-Come on. let me hear it. Lions…
[all] Roar!
Come on.
-All right now. let's see some smiles.
-[Jada] We'll fight. and we'll go home.
-Okay?
-[boy] Yeah. we'll go home.
[somber music playing]
-Hello. sir.
-[man] Hello. ma'am.
I'm calling to have my son
on the urgent waiting list
for a bone marrow transplant.
[man] Your doctor
needs to make the request.
-Regulations are very strict. Have you--
-If he does today. how long will it take?
Between three and six weeks.
If I reached out to another hospital.
would that double our chances?
It's a national list. ma'am.
It's the same for all French hospitals.
We can't do anything
about your son's position on it.
You'll have to be patient.
[somber music continues]
IF I DON'T WIN. KEEP GOING FOR ME
[receptionist] I'm sorry.
Mrs. Durand can't see you.
She's the one who knows the case.
It's urgent.
Otherwise. I wouldn't be here.
-She's not available.
-Well. does she know it's me?
She does.
Make an appointment.
and we'd be glad to see you.
We can't help you right now. I'm sorry.
[Durand] I was told you came by.
I'm doing my best.
but you have to be patient. I'm sorry.
My son doesn't have time.
There must be
some legal action we can take.
-The request has been filed. From now on--
-I want an answer. Cut the medical jargon.
We've already discussed this.
There's a protocol to follow.
There are laws. Anyway. he--
[music turns intense]
Shit!
[music fades]
-Enjoy your meal.
-[phone buzzing]
-Hello. Ms. Durand?
-[Durand] Ms. Belkacem?
-Can I get my coffee?
-Uh. So. did you talk to the donors?
Yes. we were able
to find out their identities.
They had a daughter.
but she died two years ago in an accident.
I'm so sorry. Mrs. Belkacem.
I did everything I could. And. uh…
Are there other recipients?
-There is another couple.
-Perfect.
But the family
isn't interested in hearing about it.
-Meaning what?
-It's their choice. We have to respect it.
Did you tell them it's just a simple test?
I'm sorry.
I really did everything I could.
Goodbye. ma'am. Have a good day.
-I've been waiting ten minutes.
-Excuse me?
I've been waiting for ten minutes.
-And you survived.
-Pardon?
I'll be right there.
-Jada. Jada.
-I said I'll be right there.
Take a seat. sir. Your coffee is coming.
Sorry about the wait.
Jada. I can't have your problems
become our problems.
You're right. Run your restaurant.
[tense music playing]
[crying]
[sobbing]
[monitor beeping softly]
[urgent music playing]
[guard] Hey. hey. you!
Stop!
Watch out!
-What do you think you're doing?
-Let go of me!
-Stop this bullshit!
-Let go!
What's going on?
She forced her way in!
I just wanted to talk. It's important.
[Durand]
That's not the way to go about things.
As I said. there's nothing I can do.
-My son's life is at stake here.
-I know. but the recipient said no.
She doesn't want her child
to go through a spinal cord donation.
Spinal cord?
Hang on. did you mix things up?
-Is that what you told her?
-If I did. it doesn't change anything.
-It's her right.
-Give me her number.
That's not possible.
Her anonymity is protected.
Okay. then you make the call.
I'll do the talking.
I just want her to listen.
I know it'll make a difference
if we talk one mother to another.
I know you're distressed.
You don't know anything.
You already confused
bone marrow with spinal cord.
You wanna help me? Call her up. then.
-[Durand] Look…
-It's right here.
It's right in front of you. please.
-Please.
-[breathes shakily]
I'm begging you.
-I have things to do. I have to ask you--
-It's nothing for you.
Leave the building.
I've done everything I can.
Here. give this to the archives.
So. that's it?
File it away in the archives?
Once you give us the embryo.
you people just fuck off?
I'm sorry. I truly am.
but I could lose my job here.
And I could lose my son.
[gentle music playing]
I'm scared.
You have no idea how much.
I've never been so scared in my life.
You can't leave me.
I'm nothing without you.
You know?
Keep fighting.
Don't give up.
All right. sweetheart?
[kisses] I love you.
My love.
[monitor beeping quickens]
-[monitor alarm beeping]
-[breathing shakily]
What's wrong? Baby?
Baby!
What's happening. baby?
-Help! Emergency. I need help!
-[nurse] I'm coming!
[Jada] Fanta!
He's convulsing! Crash cart!
-Noa!
-Let us take care of him. Move aside.
-Prepare the oxygen.
-Baby!
-Did you call the doctor?
-[Fanta] Noa. stay with us.
-[nurse] We're in room 716.
-[Fanta] Stay with us.
[nurse 2] He's been convulsing
for a few minutes.
-We're preparing the IV.
-[nurse 1] That's it. buddy. breathe.
-Just breathe. Breathe.
-[nurse 2] Heart rate high.
It'll be okay. Breathe into the mask.
Is the doctor coming?
-[nurse 2] On his way. IV line.
-[nurse 1] He needs oxygen!
-[nurse 2] I've got it. I'm coming.
-[nurse 1] Breathe. Breathe.
[monitor beeping steadily]
[breathing deeply]
-[doctor] We have the liver test.
-Where are you going?
-I need a sec.
-[doctor] What are you doing here?
-My son won't end up like Coralie.
-Jada.
-Give me a minute.
-We're in a meeting. It'll have to wait.
-We've waited weeks for an update.
-It's a long process. I've told you.
How much longer?
Priority is given
to the most critical patients.
You mean he's not sick enough for you?
It feels like my son is a lottery number.
-Jada. come on.
-Your son is on top of the list.
Until we have a compatible donor.
we can't do anything.
-We're waiting for one to come forward.
-And if no one comes?
Then we'll do our best to keep him stable.
and we'll have to see.
You'll have to see?
Just like you did with Coralie?
Jada. hey.
-Get out.
-[Paul] Come on.
[doctor] Get out!
Let's go.
Come on.
[Paul] You're angry at everyone. damn it.
I mean. you're arguing with the doctors.
with your coworkers. Even with me.
I'm not angry. I'm in pain.
It hurts to see him like this.
What do I do?
Wait nicely until they tell me it's over?
No. of course not. It's just…
Do you think people will wanna help
if you turn everyone against you?
I don't give a fuck
if they're against me or not.
I'm going all the way.
I won't give up. I won't.
All the way. but not like this.
Damn it. Jada!
You're gonna fuck everything up!
Look at me.
Stop thinking you can do it on your own.
You can't.
That's all I know.
[tense music playing]
[door beeps]
[Jada] Wait.
Thanks.
-I almost locked you. guys.
-All right. let's go.
-It's called collaboration. buddy.
-Yeah. collaboration. Whatever you say.
Whatever you say. Bye.
-You've got some nerve.
-Wait. I came to apologize.
I don't want any trouble.
There's a file. I can give you money.
-Can't help you. And no bribes.
-It's important.
-I don't have time for this. Get out.
-You know what?
-Out!
-[grunts]
[guard] Open the door!
Let me in!
[grunts] Damn it!
[suspenseful music playing]
[panting]
[door slams]
[access reader beeping]
Come on.
[music intensifies]
[grunts]
[pants]
-[grunts]
-[metallic clink]
2015…
2014…
2011…
[door slams]
[footsteps approaching]
Hey!
Where are you?
[tense music playing]
I'm so fucking sick of this job.
[clattering]
[panting] C'mon. c'mon.
Come out! Come out right now!
Patient…
[object clatters]
[guard] I'm so sick of this goddamn shit.
-[box clatters]
-[guard] Fuck!
Oh. you bitch!
[tense music continues]
[police siren blaring]
[officer 1] Stop! Stop!
-Stop!
-[guard] That's her!
[officer 2] Stop! Go cut her off!
-[officer 1] Going off to the side!
-[officer 2] Towards the park!
-[officer 1] Stop!
-[whimpers]
[horn honking]
-[tires screeching]
-[horns honking]
[horns honking]
[panting]
[music turns somber]
Where the fuck is it?
Come on.
Isn't there.
Where's the fucking number?
[crying]
[somber music playing]
[sobbing]
[music fades]
[monitor beeping steadily]
[officer] We'll be out before you know it.
-[woman] I have to let my supervisor know.
-[officer] We only need a minute.
-[woman] It doesn't matter.
-[officer] We just need one minute.
[woman] There are sick children here.
we can't disturb them. Thank you.
Jada Belkacem?
Come with us to the station. please.
-What's she done exactly?
-She knows what she did.
-I… I wanted to tell you.
-What?
-Not now.
-What is going on?
Come on. ma'am. Come with us.
-[Paul] It's ridiculous!
-Let me explain.
-To the station.
-I can't now. My son is sick.
-Wait. wait!
-Hey!
-Hey! Stop it!
-[officer] You understand?
Let me go!
-Gentlemen. this is a hospital!
-[officer] Stay out of this!
-[clamoring]
-[officer] We're the police!
-[screams] Get back!
-[officer] Got it!
[unsettling music playing]
[officer] Hey. easy.
-Don't do anything stupid.
-What the fuck are you doing. Jada?
[officer] I said don't do anything stupid.
[inhaling deeply]
Put your weapon down.
[music turns dramatic]
[unsettling music playing]
All right. give me your gun.
[breathing heavily]
-[Jada] On the counter.
-[officer] Easy.
[gun clacks on counter]
Get away.
[music turns suspenseful]
Get out.
We're gonna go. We're gonna go.
Jada. listen to me.
This is crazy. Hey. it's crazy.
-This won't solve anything.
-I'm doing this for Noa.
I know. You can't do this. Jada.
For fuck's sake. don't point that at me.
-I can't give up on him now.
-[Paul] Jada. Listen…
-Go.
-[Paul] I'm staying with you. I… I can't.
[Jada] Get out!
-Get out. get out.
-Okay.
[Paul] Okay. I'll leave.
Give me your key card.
Against the wall.
[card access beeps]
Go on.
Handcuffs and keys.
What the fuck are you doing. Jada?
[card access beeps]
It's for him.
This is crazy.
Look. I'm gonna need you out there.
Okay?
[music turns bittersweet]
[music ends]
[elevator doors opening]
[breathing shakily]
[unsettling music playing]
[Jada] Fanta.
Lock the emergency exit. go on.
[doctor] I know this is hard.
but pull yourself together.
The children aren't responsible
for any of this.
What's the point of all this?
I know there's a compatible donor.
I want him here.
If anything goes wrong.
can you deal with the kids?
[doctor] For now. yes.
[phone ringing]
Unplug it. Do both of them. hurry up!
Put all the phones here.
Everyone.
[suspenseful music playing]
-Where's your phone?
-It's in my locker.
-[Jada] Huh?
[woman crying]
Over there. everyone. go on.
-Hi. see you inside.
-All right. let's go.
-Sorry!
-Watch out!
[police sirens blaring]
[man] Watch out! Get out of the way!
[officer] We need a perimeter. Let's go!
[police sirens blaring in distance]
[Jada] I mean no harm.
Neither to you nor the children.
If there's an emergency. we'll handle it.
If you do what I say.
it'll all be fine.
Can I trust you?
[boy] Hey!
Are we eating soon?
Are you hungry?
I'm starving.
So are they.
-Come on out. Come on.
-[boy 2] Move over.
We've been waiting forever.
but you guys have been fighting.
[boy 2] Go on. move!
We're gonna take care of you. Hm?
Fatou. Anissa. go ahead.
Don't say anything to the kids.
-Why are you crying?
-[Fatou] Don't worry. it's jus hay fever.
-[boy] I have hunger fever.
-Oh. I'm not surprised coming from you.
[police sirens blaring]
[suspenseful music playing]
[officer over radio]
SWAT team is ready for reference.
Vincent. you're in charge of security.
Hello. ma'am. Officer Manenti from SWAT.
This is my assistant. Dan.
Hello.
I'm Juliette Lambert. hospital director.
The pediatric wing has been isolated.
but I can't close the whole hospital.
I need this place to be secured.
We have a number of surgeries going on.
Families are counting on us.
We must remain operational.
I understand. ma'am.
We won't close the hospital.
-We'll take over. You have the blueprints?
-I do.
-[man over radio] Moving into position.
-[officer] Guys. let's move! Let's go!
-[Manenti] What do we know about her?
-Jada Belkacem. 41 years old.
Waits tables at a brasserie
in the 13th district.
Only child. single for nine years.
She's only got one kid. Noa. 10 years old.
Under intensive treatment
at this hospital.
No criminal record.
nothing out of the ordinary.
[officer] Roger. Moving.
Approaching entrance.
[Manenti] Tap her phone
and all the lines in the pediatric wing.
Get me a list of all the employees
and try to contact them by phone.
I want as many men as possible
on the seventh floor.
Take into account all possible exits.
but don't forget we're in a hospital.
We can't block the whole building.
We're waiting for Campos
to start the negotiations.
[officer] Keep this area clear. folks.
[suspenseful music playing]
[line connecting]
[phone buzzing]
Please don't call me. Paul.
Jada. listen to me. damn it.
You're surrounded.
This is crazy!
I don't know how you'll make it out.
Fuck.
[music continues]
[police siren blaring]
[officer ] Laser 2 to Laser 3.
The negotiator is arriving.
-Hi. Campos.
-Any casualties?
[Manenti] No. but she's tense.
A little girl on the same floor
died yesterday.
-That must have been a trigger.
-[coughing]
[phone buzzing]
[Campos] Hello. Mrs. Belkacem.
This is Commander Campos
from the SWAT team. Can you hear me?
Ma'am.
Can you hear me?
I'm listening.
How is it going up there? Is anybody hurt?
Only suffering children.
I understand
what you're going through. ma'am.
Do you really?
Listen. everyone is fine.
Ma'am. listen to me.
I'm on your side.
Let me know how I can help you.
You need to bring me the kid.
And you better make sure
his parents have him tested.
At least release the children
requiring medical attention.
-Please. Mrs. Belkacem.
-The doctor said he can handle it.
They're still being cared for.
I'll be right here.
Do whatever you have to do.
Don't call back unless you have good news.
[tense music playing]
[Fanta] Jada.
What's wrong?
Come here.
[Jada] What's going on?
There's a camera.
-Where?
-Above the main door.
Thank you.
[suspenseful music playing]
[line connecting]
[man] National News offices.
I'm calling to report a hostage situation.
Who's calling?
I'm the hostage-taker.
[phone ringing]
Manenti here. Who's this?
Fabienne Durand from CECOS.
I just got your message.
This is a crazy situation.
Just a second.
Campos?
Fabienne Durand.
We're listening.
Listen. I already tried to contact them.
I did my best.
I… I'm telling you. the family
doesn't want to hear about this.
Do they understand what's at stake here?
Did you tell them what was happening?
Of course I told them about it.
You have to keep pushing.
The entire pediatric ward
is being held hostage.
I've already tried everything I could.
I need time to convince them.
The father was adamant.
and the law is on his side.
Listen. I'll keep you posted.
Goodbye.
[sighs]
[suspenseful music continues]
[woman] I'll go make sure.
Excuse me. can I ask you a question?
We've got a camera crew…
Should we set up here?
I'm standing in front of the hospital.
and although SWAT agents are on the scene.
they have not intervened.
The situation remains unclear.
including the profile
of the hostage-taker. Jada Belkacem.
whom we know very little about.
The hospital staff is attempting
to maintain a sense of calm
and stick to their routine.
because hundreds of patients are inside--
Nesrin. excuse me. I'm sorry to interrupt.
but we have an update.
We've managed to get
an exclusive interview
from the hospital
with the hostage-taker. Jada Belkacem.
Hello. ma'am.
Tell us what you'd like to say.
[exhales]
For weeks I've been fighting.
Waiting for an answer.
But I'm up against a wall.
-[host] What wall are you talking about?
-[Jada] The administrative wall.
[exhales] They don't give a fuck.
They're letting a child die
for the sake of anonymity.
Everyone knows how long it can take
for the legal system to change things.
Believe me. I've tried everything.
Ma'am. just so we're clear about.
uh. the motives behind your actions.
these people you're attempting to reach
through this hostage situation.
do they know your story?
[Jada] They do.
And they refuse to help us.
It's inhumane.
And now we simply can't wait any longer.
[host] Ma'am. we hear your distress.
we understand it.
but there are children in the hospital.
medical staff. families.
They're all in danger.
Did you really have to go this far?
[Jada] My son is between life and death.
All I'm asking for is a simple test.
To find out if this kid's a match.
That's all we're asking.
If that family is watching at home.
right now. listening to you.
what would you like to tell them?
[subdued dramatic music playing]
Ma'am…
Sir…
Please understand my situation.
I know this is hard for you.
I'm only asking for a little humanity.
Help us.
You can do this.
[host] And if the message
you are putting out here today on our show
goes unanswered.
how far are you willing to go?
I'll go all the way to save Noa.
[host] When you say "all the way."
would you cross the point of--
[click]
I won't work while there's a nutjob
with a gun walking around.
Are we supposed to lock the kids
without supervision?
She's unstable. with nothing left to lose.
We're in danger.
She could kill us anytime she wants.
-She's bonkers.
-[nurse] I can't work in these conditions.
Exactly what do you mean
when you say you'll go all the way?
-It means I said what I wanted to say.
-So what do we do now?
You get back to work.
With you walking around with a gun?
Are you fucking kidding me?
You must be joking.
Auguste. go back to your room.
-We know we're being held hostage.
-Children…
-We saw you on TV.
-Yeah. we have a TV in our rooms.
-[boy] Yeah.
-[doctor] Kids…
[Jada] You shouldn't be here.
-Cool! We're hostages!
-Yeah. doctor. we're hostages.
Mya. you're the oldest.
Please take the kids back to their rooms.
We don't want Noa or anybody else
to end up like Coralie.
What is it you're missing?
She has a G-U-N.
-[boy 1] She's not gonna hurt us.
-[boy 2] I don't want to go to my room.
Okay. kids. back to your rooms.
-[Jada] Go with Fanta.
-[boy 2] Why?
-You're really awesome. Mrs. Jada.
-[Fanta] Back to your rooms.
-Come on. get going.
-[boy 3] Things were getting interesting.
-Stop it.
-[Fanta] Let them talk.
-[boy 3] We should play.
-[girl] Let's watch TV.
[Fanta] Keep moving.
Do I have your word?
The children. the staff. the hospital.
They'll all stay safe. right?
You have my word.
[doctor] Thank you.
[woman] I've seen that face before.
[boy] So. is Mattéo coming?
[woman] Of course Mattéo will come.
-I promised you.
-[boy] Please.
[woman] He'll come
to the sleepover on Saturday.
Adrien. leave us. please.
Get started with homework upstairs.
I'll be right there. Go on. buddy.
-Come here.
-What? What's going on?
-[man] Something crazy is happening.
-What do you mean?
[man] Fabienne Durand.
The hostage situation.
She's looking for our kid.
-Fabienne Durand called me again.
-What did you tell her?
The hostage situation.
Adrien is the kid she's looking for.
Imagine Adrien finding out
we're not his biological parents on TV.
But don't you see this is going too far?
We've got to help his family.
-[man] We don't know if he's a match!
-[woman] Maybe he is!
[man] We're going to stay out of this.
I'm trying to protect his life.
his well-being.
He didn't ask for this. Agnès.
are you out of your mind?
[breathes nervously]
[phone ringing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[phone continues ringing]
[ringing]
[Nadia] Jada?
Mom?
What are you doing. my darling?
[Jada] What needs to be done.
What kind of answer is that. Jada?
If I do nothing. he won't make it through.
I know it's unfair.
But do you realize?
You're going to end up in jail.
You could be killed.
Y… y… you…
Listen to me. I'm begging you.
Do you understand? Jada?
-I love you. Mom.
-Don't hang up!
Please. don't hang up!
-Forgive me.
-Hello?
Hello?
[sighs]
[crying softly]
I love you. my darling.
[Nadia crying]
[gentle music playing]
I've been looking for you everywhere.
-[officer 1] Alpha in position.
-[officer 2] Rambo team. in position.
[door closes]
If they catch you with me.
you'll be in trouble.
It doesn't matter.
I just want to be with you.
[gentle music playing]
Me too.
Do you think you'll make it through this?
[Noa] Sure.
[Inès] Do you promise?
[sighs]
[officer] Okay.
We're in position. We're all set.
[Manenti] Okay. let's go.
[banging on door]
[man] Please. Please.
[banging continues]
What's this? Huh?
[man] Let me in. Please!
-Who is this?
-[man] I wanna see my son. Let me in.
[officer] His son
is in the same situation as yours!
-[man] Please. I just want to be with him.
-Who is he?
That's Lucien's dad.
Lucien?
[tense music playing]
He's one of the kids here.
I just wanna be with my son.
How come I don't know him?
He… He's new. He just got here.
He's 4 years old. very sick.
and can't leave his room.
[man] He needs me.
[officer] We won't try anything!
We'll stay out of the way.
[man] Ask them! They know me!
-We can't let him in.
-[man] Dr. Bonfanti…
Fanta and Kevin. they know who I am!
He's only 4.
-Let him be with his son.
-[man] I'm not a threat to you!
-It's too much of a risk. I can't.
-[man] Let me in. please!
His mom just passed away.
I'll just stay in his room.
you won't see me.
[officer] We won't try anything. ma'am.
Just let him in to see his son.
[man] I'm begging you. let me in!
All I want is to be with my son.
He needs me!
Open the door.
-But why me?
-Go let him in.
[tense music playing]
-[officer] Okay. step back. guys.
-[Jada] Lock the door behind him.
[officer] Dan is inside.
We're pulling out.
[Jada] Search him.
I'm clean.
[Jada] Lift your shirt up.
Turn around.
Your pants too.
Uh… I don't have anything on me.
There's nothing.
All right. move.
I appreciate this.
Thank you. Thank you.
-Thank you. I wanted to say thank you.
-Turn around.
[tense music continues]
[Jada] Where's his room?
[Dan] Right over there.
Last door on the right.
That's Milo's room.
[dramatic sting]
[grunts]
-[Jada screams]
-[Dan grunts]
[tense music playing]
[Jada screams]
[gunshot]
[gunshot echoes]
[somber music playing]
[Bonfanti] To the treatment room.
The kids stay in their rooms.
-[Fanta] Can you hear me? Stay with me.
-[Bonfanti] Over here.
[Campos] What condition is he in?
Is he alive?
I didn't want to hurt anybody.
Is that so hard to comprehend?
Let our guy out immediately.
No. not until I've talked to the family.
From now on.
there will be no more contact.
No more calls. period!
[Dan screams in pain]
[tense music rises]
[Jada] You. come here.
-Come here!
-[Kevin] Why me?
Don't move.
Did you call them?
Did you help them. you bastard?
-No.
-Gimme your goddamn phone.
-Yours is the only one I don't have.
- I don't have a phone.
You better give it to me. Now!
Motherfucker.
If you screw with me one more time.
you're gonna be the first to go.
That's a promise.
-Okay. okay.
-Get the fuck outta here!
[breathing heavily]
Damn it.
[indistinct chatter]
[TV host] We've just received word
that a police officer was shot
during the hostage crisis at the hospital.
Philippe Landon.
you are a former SWAT negotiator.
Is the situation
completely out of control?
[Landon] Once shots are fired.
the situation is completely different.
Now that they know they're facing
someone capable of killing.
it changes how they're going
to respond to the sit--
[suspenseful music playing]
[Fanta] Doctor! Noa is deteriorating!
What's happening?
-What's going on?
-[Fanta] Let us do our job.
-[Jada] Let me in.
-Check the pulse.
-[Bonfanti] Antibiotics.
-[nurse] Let's go.
-Do I call for an MRI?
-No. stabilize him first.
[Fatou] We have to work fast.
Put a tourniquet on him.
[Fanta] Okay. I'm on it.
-[Fatou] Can someone hand me the gauze?
-Noa?
-[Fatou] Ready.
-[Bonfanti] Another IV.
-[Fatou] I'm on it.
-He's in septic shock.
Monitor his pressure.
Draw a couple of blood cultures.
Noa? Can you hear me?
What's his heart rate?
-[Fatou] 42 PAM.
-Don't give in Noa.
-[Bonfanti] Noa. stay.
-I can't lose you.
[Bonfanti] Stay with me.
Keep your eyes open. Noa. Eyes open.
-[Fatou] Say something.
-[Bonfanti] Noa.
Answer me. Can you hear me. buddy?
-[Fatou] Noa. eyes open.
-[Bonfanti] Can you hear me. Noa?
-Noa. answer me. buddy. Come on.
-Say something. will you?
Say something.
[tense music playing]
[crying]
[Bonfanti] He's very weak.
It'll only get worse as time goes on.
What are you saying?
He needs a transplant now.
Otherwise. he might die next time.
[sniffles]
Fuck…
[phone click]
[gentle music playing]
[baby Noa giggles on video]
-[Jada] You think that's funny?
-[woman] He sure does.
[Jada] Huh? You like it when I tickle you?
And play with your toes?
Woo!
[baby Noa laughs]
[click]
We're able to save almost all of them.
And when we lose one. I'm devastated.
But I have to show up
the next day for the others.
And it's not just me. that goes
for everyone who works in this ward.
You know. Noa's very lucky to have you.
[phone ringing]
May I?
Okay. let's go.
[phone continues ringing]
This is Dr. Bonfanti speaking.
This is Campos.
We managed to get in touch with the mother
Jada Belkacem is looking for.
She doesn't have the courage
to talk to her. but you could help us.
-Are you with her?
-No. I'm alone right now.
-We'll put her on.
-[line connecting]
[Agnès] Doctor?
Thank you for calling. ma'am.
I'm listening.
Yes. uh… Good evening. This is…
This is Agnès de Mareuil speaking.
I'm calling you because I spoke
to Ms. Durand from CECOS.
And. well. I wanted to explain. uh…
So. actually. my son doesn't know
about the embryo donation.
And my husband
is against us letting him know the truth.
Now might be the best time
to tell him. don't you?
Uh… listen. I can't.
I… I really can't. Please understand.
Yes. but he's going to find out
on his own eventually. ma'am.
What if he finds out
he could've saved the life of another kid?
If you told him in your own words.
that would help…
We're not even sure it's going to work.
I can't force this on him.
Ma'am. this is Noa's mother.
Can I talk to you?
-I'm sorry.
-[call disconnects]
Hello?
[exhales]
[hangs up phone]
[sighs softly]
[Bonfanti] Give her
some time to think about it.
[sighs]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[tense music playing]
[TV host] We have an update
on the hostage situation
at the Lambert-Bracops hospital.
The injured SWAT officer's been released.
and. according to our sources.
the hostage-taker has managed to get
the SWAT team to delay their intervention.
in the apparent hopes
of convincing the family to help her.
Despite the apparent calm.
the situation remains tense.
A SWAT intervention seems inevitable.
but we don't yet know when it will happen.
[exhales]
[tense music playing]
[monitor beeping steadily]
[sirens blaring in distance]
[Campos] In any case. we must do
everything to avoid any casualties.
We're ready to neutralize her.
We have no choice.
[phone buzzing]
[Campos] Jada.
we haven't heard from the family.
Time is up. It's over now.
Listen. we've done everything we could.
You gave it your all.
but now you're putting yourself
and everybody in danger.
including the children.
so this has to stop.
[sighs] But listen.
You've got the whole country
watching you right now.
I'm sure the judge
will take that into account.
Just make sure that it ends peacefully.
I want to be with him when he passes away.
Let me stay with him.
I can give you a minute or two longer.
but that's it.
[Manenti sighs]
I'm really sorry.
But we have to step in.
[phone clatters]
[whimpers]
[somber music playing]
[crying]
[screams painfully]
[sobbing]
My son.
[crowd chanting]
Stand behind Jada! Let's save Noa!
Former French boxing champion.
Jada Belkacem.
is still holed up
in the hospital's pediatric ward.
Outside the hospital.
there's a huge outpouring of solidarity
coming from families with children
who have or are waiting for transplants.
It's worth noting that in France.
nearly a thousand people die every year
while waiting for a transplant.
Along with the families.
there are also training partners…
I WOULD HAVE DONE ANYTHING TOO
Noa! We all stand behind Jada!
Our men are ready.
Wait for my signal.
Understood. Captain.
[dramatic music playing]
[officer]
All units. ready to engage. Stand by.
Permission to open fire
if there's any danger.
-[Paul] Sir. what did he just say?
-Behind the fence.
-What did he say?
-Behind the fence!
-Let me through. You're gonna kill her.
[dramatic music continues]
[exhales]
Let me through. gentlemen.
-Let me through! Let me through!
-Whoa. whoa. whoa!
I need a visual. Make sure the kids
are in their rooms when we go in.
I wanna see my son. for fuck's sake!
Let go of me!
Let go! Let go…
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. my love.
[kisses]
I wish I could protect you one more time.
I wish life would spare you.
Mrs. Belkacem. congratulations.
-[screams for joy] Fuck. yeah!
-[laughs]
[yells]
-Wait. wait. wait. Careful. The baby.
-I'm sorry. Sorry. I didn't mean to.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. [kisses]
[Jada] I wish it were easier on you.
Let go of me. for fuck's sake!
I wanna see him now! I want to see him!
[Jada] I'd give my life for you.
[music intensifies]
[men exhale]
[dramatic music continues]
-What was that for?
-Just a test.
Hello?
-[Agnès] Doctor?
-Yes.
This is Agnès de Mareuil.
I was at the lab.
I've just had my son tested.
But no one knows. no one.
Not my husband or even my son.
I'll send you the results.
[dramatic music continues]
[music fades]
He's compatible.
I have the family's address.
We can save him!
[subdued gentle music playing]
-Go!
-[grunts]
[suspenseful music playing]
-[officer 1] Contact!
-[officer 2] Contact ahead!
-Stop! Don't move!
-Emergency! Let us through!
-Don't move!
-[Bonfanti] Let us through!
[officers] Hands up! Hands up! Hands up!
[nurse] We're nurses.
We're going to the OR for a transplant.
-[officer] Let's check the stretcher.
-You're not. it's sterile!
You could contaminate it.
His time's running out.
Let us through. or it'll be on your head!
[tense music playing]
-Let them through.
-Go! Go. go. go!
-[officer 1] Go! Where is she?
-[officer 2] Right door!
You're in a pediatric ward.
keep your weapons down!
-This floor is full of children!
-[officer] We're doing our job.
[Bonfanti] You might.
but you're going to traumatize them!
-[girl] Jada?
-[officer 1] It'll be okay.
-Is she going to prison?
-[officer 1] Go back to your rooms.
-[officer 1] To your rooms.
-[officer 2] Clear.
[officer 3] Back to your rooms.
Careful. there are kids everywhere.
Come on.
-[Bonfanti] Please!
-[officer 1] Where is she?
[tense music rises]
-[nurse] Hello.
-Hello.
-I keep buzzing. no one's coming.
-Someone will be there soon. sir.
-When?
-He's right.
Get off my back.
She's gone. She left with a female nurse.
Black. with long blonde hair.
[indistinct chatter]
-[officer] Police!
-[yelling]
[silence]
Put this on.
Here. Take them. come on.
[suspenseful music playing]
Give me your wig.
No way.
No way! Nobody's ever seen me without it!
Take back your guns
and leave my wig alone.
Hey.
Give me your wig.
Hey. Malik?
Where are you?
At the ER? Wait for me.
Wait for me. I'm coming. I'll explain.
-Is someone picking you up?
-Yeah.
[Jada] Oh. fuck.
They're everywhere.
-We're going up.
-Huh?
-We're going upstairs.
-[officer 1] Suspicious one. entrance 2.
-[officer 2] On our way.
-[officer 3] First floor clear.
Shit.
All right. let's go back. Come on.
[officer 2]
We're checking the south stairwell.
-[Jada] Oh. fuck.
-[Fanta] What do we do now?
Did you hear about that? They've no idea.
-Shall we go. sir?
-Where are you taking me?
It's for a blood test.
-I've already had one this morning.
-Then we'll do a colonoscopy.
[Jada] Colonoscopies are great.
…prostate cancer.
but unfortunately. they operated too late.
So now. I have metastases everywhere.
and they also found a kidney problem.
-[Fanta] Come on. hurry. Hurry up.
-My eyes are starting to go. so who knows…
Come on!
Move aside. ma'am.
[old man] Turns out my vision is worse
because I have glaucoma.
I'm going to end up blind.
Honestly. aging like this is a disgrace…
[suspenseful music playing]
[old man] I don't want to…
[door whirring]
Just keep quiet. Malik!
Hey. Auntie. Whoa! Where'd your hair go?
Come here!
[breathing heavily] Get her out of here.
-Her? You gotta be kidding! No way!
-Come on. please.
Why would you drag me into this mess?
Have you lost your mind?
Shh! Malik. I never ask you for anything.
Do this for me.
-It's none of my business. This is crazy.
-It's not. right.
But you have kids.
You know what it's like.
[Fanta] Hey. I never ask you
for anything. Come on!
-All right fine. go on.
-[Jada] Thank you.
[gentle music playing]
[Jada] Thank you.
[Fanta] Go on. get the fuck out of here.
[gentle music rising]
Thank you.
[car door opens]
[gentle music continues]
What are you doing here?
Your son is compatible.
-No. you can't be here--
-We just want to talk to you. Please.
Agnès. close the door!
Close the door! I'm calling the police!
-No. no. no. wait!
-I'm calling the police!
-You don't need to!
-I'm calling the cops.
-Close that fucking door! Hey. hey. hey!
-[screams]
I'm not messing around.
put down the fucking phone!
-Put your fucking phone down! Put it down!
-Okay. calm down! I put it down!
-You have to listen to her.
-[Adrien] What's going on?
Dad. what's going on?
What are they doing here?
["Goodbye" by Apparat playing]
Is it true what they say?
Yes. sweetheart.
Come here. darling.
You can save their son.
How. Mom?
You just come with me.
It's totally safe.
You'll come back home after it's done.
And Noa will too.
-Should we go?
-Yeah.
[breathing shakily]
[Jada] Let's go.
Let's go.
[music continues]
[Agnès] You know we need to do this.
♪ Hold down your lies ♪
♪ Lay down next to me… ♪
That's her!
Don't let her inside. Arrest her!
♪ Bury your doubts… ♪
[Agnès] No! Please!
-Please. my son is here!
-Don't shoot. there's a kid!
-Put your guns down!
-We won't hurt anyone. Go. Go!
-[Jada] Come on. honey. Let's go.
-[Manenti] Follow them!
♪ I was just a bad dream ♪
♪ Let the bed sheet ♪
♪ Soak up my tears ♪
♪ And watch the only way out… ♪
[officer 1] She's armed!
Put your gun down!
I said put it down!
[Manenti] Lower your weapons!
Let them through!
♪ For neither ever nor never ♪
Let's go.
♪ Goodbye ♪
♪ Neither ever nor never ♪
[handcuffs rattle]
[music ends]
["Salt" by Ry X playing]
5 YEARS LATER
♪ We let love be like water to wine ♪
IN FRANCE. ABOUT 500 CHILDREN
ARE DIAGNOSED WITH LEUKEMIA EACH YEAR.
PEDIATRIC CANCER RESEARCH LACKS FUNDING.
DONATE.
♪ We let love be a call in the night ♪
FOR YANIS BEN NACEUR
♪ Under the shadow ♪
♪ Heavy remained ♪
♪ Chemical ashes fall ♪
♪ Lips tore my veins ♪
♪ We let love be like water to wine ♪
♪ We let love be the higher design ♪
♪ We let love be a call in the night ♪
♪ We let love be the fire divine ♪
♪ But here we are ♪
♪ Turning our heads down ♪
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ We let love be like water to wine ♪
♪ We let love be the higher design ♪
♪ We let love be a call in the night ♪
♪ We let love be the fire divine ♪
♪ Under the shadow ♪
♪ Heavy remained ♪
♪ Chemical ashes fall ♪
♪ Lips tore my veins ♪
♪ We let love be like water to wine ♪
♪ We let love be the higher design ♪
♪ We let love be a call in the night ♪
♪ We let love be the fire divine ♪
♪ But here we are ♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-